0.3.0 (November 9 2023)
-----------------------

This release incorporates new functions and addresses depreciated commands in some of the package dependencies.

Functionality
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Updated visualize_attribute_connectivity to use bipartite graph layout (updated function).

* IV related dependencies moved to an installation extra (install using `pip install pvops[iv]`).

* Removed deprecated normalization parameters in ML pipeline (bug fix).

* Updated code to fix deprecation/future warnings.

Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Added Python 3.11 to the test environment.

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Fix small typos in index.rst.

* Renamed references to examples as tutorials for consistency.

* Updated docs to refer to modules as modules, rather than packages.

* Updated RTD config to install doc requirements using the package installation extra

* Removed redundant boilerplate in development.rst

* Update tested versions in documentation

* Added links to tutorials where appropriate in the user guide.

* Added a simplified version of the module overview table from the JOSS manuscript to the homepage of the documentation.

* Added statement of need to homepage

* Fixed image embed in tutorial

* Added dates to what's new sections

* Expanded patch notes to include recent tags.

* Deleted WIP docs pages to remove "not included in any toctree" errors.

* Added nbsphinx gallery view to tutorials page.

* Added more content to abbreviations page.

Tutorials
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Rename pvOps examples to tutorials for consistency throughout repository.

* Linked to tutorials in README.

* Added a description of data in timeseries tutorial.

* Removed redundant plots in timeseries tutorial.

Other
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Added copyright and license attributes to pvops.

* Removed manifest.in (not needed).

* Removed docs/init.py (not a module).

* Chose more appropriate author/copyright in setup.py and conf.py.

* Added version to pvops (pvops.__version__ now exists).

* Removed external licenses (determined to be unnecessary by legal).

* Renamed citation file and updated version number.

* Added noxfile for dev task running.

* Removed unused docker files

* Add standard python files to gitignore

* Removed redundant requirements files

* Pinned documentation related requirements